hi welcome to yoga for all ages i'm
susan foxley i'm a registered yoga
instructor and a certified life coach
really nice
and then interlace your thumbs please
and stretch your arms over your head
stretch your arms away from your feet
flex your feet please
extend your heels away from your face
spread all ten toes
and from here extend your right heel
first
away from your face
and then extend your left heel away from
your face just little micro movements
moving your right heel away from you
your fingertips and then your left heel
away from your fingertips
and then your right heel away from your
fingertips
and then your left heel away from your
fingertips and now both heels away from
your fingertips doing traction
move your fingertips away from your
heels and your heels away from your
fingertips we're looking for beautiful
space in the spine
beautiful space in the hips
beautiful space in the shoulders
really nice
take your left hand onto your left thigh
please
and breathe long inhalations and long
exhalations
if you have problems with this pose go
ahead and grab your right chin
and then gently we're going to go ahead
and extend that right heel up to the
heavens
and breathe iron that left leg into the
earth and gently bring your face up to
your knee doing a little bit of an
abdominal strengthener long inhalations
and long exhalations and then gently
roll down
you